README.md, before:

# Build An Alexa Decision Tree Skill
<img src="https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/mobile-apps/dex/alexa/alexa-skills-kit/tutorials/quiz-game/header._TTH_.png" />

[![Voice User Interface](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/mobile-apps/dex/alexa/alexa-skills-kit/tutorials/navigation/1-off._TTH_.png)](./instructions/1-voice-user-interface.md)[![Lambda Function](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/mobile-apps/dex/alexa/alexa-skills-kit/tutorials/navigation/2-off._TTH_.png)](./instructions/2-lambda-function.md)[![Connect VUI to Code](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/mobile-apps/dex/alexa/alexa-skills-kit/tutorials/navigation/3-off._TTH_.png)](./instructions/3-connect-vui-to-code.md)[![Testing](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/mobile-apps/dex/alexa/alexa-skills-kit/tutorials/navigation/4-off._TTH_.png)](./instructions/4-testing.md)[![Customization](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/mobile-apps/dex/alexa/alexa-skills-kit/tutorials/navigation/5-off._TTH_.png)](./instructions/5-customization.md)[![Publication](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/mobile-apps/dex/alexa/alexa-skills-kit/tutorials/navigation/6-off._TTH_.png)](./instructions/6-publication.md)

This Alexa sample skill is a template for a basic decision tree skill. Progress through a series of questions to get a career suggestion from Alexa!

# Let's Get Started
If this is your first time here, you're new to Alexa Skills Development, or you're looking for more detailed instructions, click the **Get Started** button below:

<p align='center'>
<a href='./instructions/0-intro.md'><img src='https://camo.githubusercontent.com/db9b9ce26327ad3bac57ec4daf0961a382d75790/68747470733a2f2f6d2e6d656469612d616d617a6f6e2e636f6d2f696d616765732f472f30312f6d6f62696c652d617070732f6465782f616c6578612f616c6578612d736b696c6c732d6b69742f7475746f7269616c732f67656e6572616c2f627574746f6e732f627574746f6e5f6765745f737461727465642e5f5454485f2e706e67'></a>
</p>


Be sure to take a look at the [Additional Resources](#additional-resources) at the bottom of this page!


## About
**Note:** The rest of this readme assumes you have your developer environment ready to go and that you have some familiarity with CLI (Command Line Interface) Tools, [AWS](https://aws.amazon.com/), and the [ASK Developer Portal](https://developer.amazon.com/alexa-skills-kit). If not, [click here](./instructions/0-intro.md) for a more detailed walkthrough.



### Usage

```text
Alexa, open decision tree.
	>> Welcome to decision tree, are you ready to play?
```

### Repository Contents
* `/.ask`	- [ASK CLI (Command Line Interface) Configuration](https://developer.amazon.com/docs/smapi/ask-cli-intro.html)	 
* `/lambda/custom` - Back-End Logic for the Alexa Skill hosted on [AWS Lambda](https://aws.amazon.com/lambda/)
* `/models` - Voice User Interface and Language Specific Interaction Models
* `/instructions` - Step-by-Step Instructions for Getting Started
* `skill.json`	- [Skill Manifest](https://developer.amazon.com/docs/smapi/skill-manifest.html)

## Setup w/ ASK CLI

### Pre-requisites

* Node.js (> v4.3)
* Register for an [AWS Account](https://aws.amazon.com/)
* Register for an [Amazon Developer Account](https://developer.amazon.com/)
* Install and Setup [ASK CLI](https://developer.amazon.com/docs/smapi/quick-start-alexa-skills-kit-command-line-interface.html)

### Installation
1. Clone the repository.

	```bash
	$ git clone https://github.com/alexa/skill-sample-nodejs-decision-tree/
	```

2. Initiatialize the [ASK CLI](https://developer.amazon.com/docs/smapi/quick-start-alexa-skills-kit-command-line-interface.html) by Navigating into the repository and running npm command: `ask init`. Follow the prompts.

	```bash
	$ cd skill-sample-nodejs-decision-tree
	$ ask init
	```

3. Install npm dependencies by navigating into the `/lambda/custom` directory and running the npm command: `npm install`

	```bash
	$ cd lambda/custom
	$ npm install
	```


### Deployment

ASK CLI will create the skill and the lambda function for you. The Lambda function will be created in ```us-east-1 (Northern Virginia)``` by default.

1. Deploy the skill and the lambda function in one step by running the following command:

	```bash
	$ ask deploy
	```

### Testing

1. To test, you need to login to Alexa Developer Console, and enable the "Test" switch on your skill from the "Test" Tab.

2. Simulate verbal interaction with your skill through the command line using the following example:

	```bash
	 $ ask simulate -l en-US -t "start decision tree"

	 ✓ Simulation created for simulation id: 4a7a9ed8-94b2-40c0-b3bd-fb63d9887fa7
	◡ Waiting for simulation response{
	  "status": "SUCCESSFUL",
	  ...
	 ```

3. Once the "Test" switch is enabled, your skill can be tested on devices associated with the developer account as well. Speak to Alexa from any enabled device, from your browser at [echosim.io](https://echosim.io/welcome), or through your Amazon Mobile App and say :

	```text
	Alexa, start decision tree
	```

## Customization

1. ```./skill.json```

   Change the skill name, example phrase, icons, testing instructions etc ...

   Remember that many information is locale-specific and must be changed for each locale (en-GB and en-US)

   See the Skill [Manifest Documentation](https://developer.amazon.com/docs/smapi/skill-manifest.html) for more information.

2. ```./lambda/custom/index.js```

   Modify messages, and facts from the source code to customize the skill.

3. ```./models/*.json```

	Change the model definition to replace the invocation name and the sample phrase for each intent.  Repeat the operation for each locale you are planning to support.

## Additional Resources

### Community
* [Amazon Developer Forums](https://forums.developer.amazon.com/spaces/165/index.html) - Join the conversation!
* [Hackster.io](https://www.hackster.io/amazon-alexa) - See what others are building with Alexa.

### Tutorials & Guides
* [Voice Design Guide](https://developer.amazon.com/designing-for-voice/) - A great resource for learning conversational and voice user interface design.
* [CodeAcademy: Learn Alexa](https://www.codecademy.com/learn/learn-alexa) - Learn how to build an Alexa Skill from within your browser with this beginner friendly tutorial on CodeAcademy!

###Documentation
* [Official Alexa Skills Kit Node.js SDK](https://www.npmjs.com/package/alexa-sdk) - The Official Node.js SDK Documentation
*  [Official Alexa Skills Kit Documentation](https://developer.amazon.com/docs/ask-overviews/build-skills-with-the-alexa-skills-kit.html) - Official Alexa Skills Kit Documentation

<img height="1" width="1" src="https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=1847448698846169&ev=PageView&noscript=1"/>

Commit message:

Repurposing Decision Tree for Phoenix at your service stuff.

README.md, after:

# Phoenix Innovate Voice Hackathon
<img src="https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/mobile-apps/dex/alexa/alexa-skills-kit/tutorials/quiz-game/header._TTH_.png" />

[![Voice User Interface](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/mobile-apps/dex/alexa/alexa-skills-kit/tutorials/navigation/1-off._TTH_.png)](./instructions/1-voice-user-interface.md)[![Lambda Function](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/mobile-apps/dex/alexa/alexa-skills-kit/tutorials/navigation/2-off._TTH_.png)](./instructions/2-lambda-function.md)[![Connect VUI to Code](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/mobile-apps/dex/alexa/alexa-skills-kit/tutorials/navigation/3-off._TTH_.png)](./instructions/3-connect-vui-to-code.md)[![Testing](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/mobile-apps/dex/alexa/alexa-skills-kit/tutorials/navigation/4-off._TTH_.png)](./instructions/4-testing.md)[![Customization](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/mobile-apps/dex/alexa/alexa-skills-kit/tutorials/navigation/5-off._TTH_.png)](./instructions/5-customization.md)[![Publication](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/mobile-apps/dex/alexa/alexa-skills-kit/tutorials/navigation/6-off._TTH_.png)](./instructions/6-publication.md)

This project was adapted from the Amazon sample decision tree skill.

# Let's Get Started
If this is your first time here, you're new to Alexa Skills Development, or you're looking for more detailed instructions, click the **Get Started** button below:

<p align='center'>
<a href='./instructions/0-intro.md'><img src='https://camo.githubusercontent.com/db9b9ce26327ad3bac57ec4daf0961a382d75790/68747470733a2f2f6d2e6d656469612d616d617a6f6e2e636f6d2f696d616765732f472f30312f6d6f62696c652d617070732f6465782f616c6578612f616c6578612d736b696c6c732d6b69742f7475746f7269616c732f67656e6572616c2f627574746f6e732f627574746f6e5f6765745f737461727465642e5f5454485f2e706e67'></a>
</p>


Be sure to take a look at the [Additional Resources](#additional-resources) at the bottom of this page!


## About
**Note:** The rest of this readme assumes you have your developer environment ready to go and that you have some familiarity with CLI (Command Line Interface) Tools, [AWS](https://aws.amazon.com/), and the [ASK Developer Portal](https://developer.amazon.com/alexa-skills-kit). If not, [click here](./instructions/0-intro.md) for a more detailed walkthrough.



### Usage

```text
Alexa, open phoenix at your service.
	>> Welcome to Phoenix at your Service. I will help you with all your City of Phoenix questions or requests. You can say something like "I need a new recycle container" or "I need to transfer my water services".
```

### Repository Contents
* `/.ask`	- [ASK CLI (Command Line Interface) Configuration](https://developer.amazon.com/docs/smapi/ask-cli-intro.html)	 
* `/lambda/custom` - Back-End Logic for the Alexa Skill hosted on [AWS Lambda](https://aws.amazon.com/lambda/)
* `/models` - Voice User Interface and Language Specific Interaction Models
* `/instructions` - Step-by-Step Instructions for Getting Started
* `skill.json`	- [Skill Manifest](https://developer.amazon.com/docs/smapi/skill-manifest.html)

## Setup w/ ASK CLI

### Pre-requisites

* Node.js (> v4.3)
* Register for an [AWS Account](https://aws.amazon.com/)
* Register for an [Amazon Developer Account](https://developer.amazon.com/)
* Install and Setup [ASK CLI](https://developer.amazon.com/docs/smapi/quick-start-alexa-skills-kit-command-line-interface.html)

### Installation
1. Clone the repository.

	```bash
	$ git clone https://github.com/alexa/skill-sample-nodejs-decision-tree/
	```

2. Initiatialize the [ASK CLI](https://developer.amazon.com/docs/smapi/quick-start-alexa-skills-kit-command-line-interface.html) by Navigating into the repository and running npm command: `ask init`. Follow the prompts.

	```bash
	$ cd skill-sample-nodejs-decision-tree
	$ ask init
	```

3. Install npm dependencies by navigating into the `/lambda/custom` directory and running the npm command: `npm install`

	```bash
	$ cd lambda/custom
	$ npm install
	```


### Deployment

ASK CLI will create the skill and the lambda function for you. The Lambda function will be created in ```us-east-1 (Northern Virginia)``` by default.

1. Deploy the skill and the lambda function in one step by running the following command:

	```bash
	$ ask deploy
	```

### Testing

1. To test, you need to login to Alexa Developer Console, and enable the "Test" switch on your skill from the "Test" Tab.

2. Simulate verbal interaction with your skill through the command line using the following example:

	```bash
	 $ ask simulate -l en-US -t "start phoenix at your service"

	 ✓ Simulation created for simulation id: 4a7a9ed8-94b2-40c0-b3bd-fb63d9887fa7
	◡ Waiting for simulation response{
	  "status": "SUCCESSFUL",
	  ...
	 ```

3. Once the "Test" switch is enabled, your skill can be tested on devices associated with the developer account as well. Speak to Alexa from any enabled device, from your browser at [echosim.io](https://echosim.io/welcome), or through your Amazon Mobile App and say :

	```text
	Alexa, start decision tree
	```

## Customization

1. ```./skill.json```

   Change the skill name, example phrase, icons, testing instructions etc ...

   Remember that many information is locale-specific and must be changed for each locale (en-GB and en-US)

   See the Skill [Manifest Documentation](https://developer.amazon.com/docs/smapi/skill-manifest.html) for more information.

2. ```./lambda/custom/index.js```

   Modify messages, and facts from the source code to customize the skill.

3. ```./models/*.json```

	Change the model definition to replace the invocation name and the sample phrase for each intent.  Repeat the operation for each locale you are planning to support.

## Additional Resources

### Community
* [Amazon Developer Forums](https://forums.developer.amazon.com/spaces/165/index.html) - Join the conversation!
* [Hackster.io](https://www.hackster.io/amazon-alexa) - See what others are building with Alexa.

### Tutorials & Guides
* [Voice Design Guide](https://developer.amazon.com/designing-for-voice/) - A great resource for learning conversational and voice user interface design.
* [CodeAcademy: Learn Alexa](https://www.codecademy.com/learn/learn-alexa) - Learn how to build an Alexa Skill from within your browser with this beginner friendly tutorial on CodeAcademy!

###Documentation
* [Official Alexa Skills Kit Node.js SDK](https://www.npmjs.com/package/alexa-sdk) - The Official Node.js SDK Documentation
*  [Official Alexa Skills Kit Documentation](https://developer.amazon.com/docs/ask-overviews/build-skills-with-the-alexa-skills-kit.html) - Official Alexa Skills Kit Documentation

<img height="1" width="1" src="https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=1847448698846169&ev=PageView&noscript=1"/>
